Mpi config (#571)
dftbplus/dftbplus: INSTALL.rst

Notes:

[1] The timedep/C60_OscWindow test fails with recent versions (>= 0.3.8) of the

> OpenBlas library. If possible, use older versions or link against the MKL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenBlas library. If possible, use an older version or link against either MKL or another blas
```

  You may adjust any variables defined in `config.make` or in the toolchain file
  by either modifying the files directly or by overriding the definitions via
  the ``-D`` command line option. For example, in order to use the MKL-library
  with the GNU-compiler, you would have to override the ``LAPACK_LIBRARIES``
  variable::

    FC=gfortran CC=gcc cmake -DLAPACK_LIBRARIES="mkl_gf_lp64;mkl_gnu_thread;mkl_core"  ..

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can can also specify the location of other libraries, for example an MPI enabled build using ScaLAPACK::
  
  FC=mpiifort CC=icc cmake -DWITH_MPI=TRUE -DLAPACK_LIBRARY_DIRS=$MKLROOT/lib/intel64 ..

```
